He called out the name of the saint.
I really don't know how to live and die.
Little bitch.
Shredding the saint just insulted no chief princess is still here talking about it.
I really want to die.
Are you crazy?
Do you know what you're talking about?
Those who do not know how to live and die dare to disgrace the Holy Spirit today.
Get on your knees.
He wants me on my knees.
You're not qualified.
The Wei Gong Gong is the general manager of the Great Hall.
Your Majesty's bodyguard.
Using your fingers can cause you to die without a place to be buried.
You're a villager.
In front of all the nobles, forgive me.
And tore up the saint just in front of the Wei Gong.
Do you really want me to die?
Li Huining, have you not hurt me enough?
Do you have to kill me to be satisfied?
I didn t get on my knees quickly to apologize.
Excuse me.
Don't tell me he's just a father-in-law.
Even if Li Shi Min is standing in front of me right now
He didn't dare let me apologize either.
Courage.
Nonsense.
You poor woman, how dare you know his name?
My father-in-law came to recite the holy testament, representing the face of the royal family.
You tore up the order.
Humiliate the Princess and Her Majesty
His crimes are against the nine nations.
My nine races.
Ly The People
Dare he?
How dare you?
If you disagree
You can complain to the people.
I told Li Huining.
None of them deserve my eyes.
You are today.
They're all important in the military.
God in the Tide
They arbitrarily offer a small hand that can also choke you.
You dare to talk crazy here.
General Su Wei Gong this rural women fanatical treason senseless
They openly provoke my Zhou family.
Ready to come out and crack down on such a big disrespectful crime.
To be a mirror.
Pay the court a portion of the purity
There's the Wu family.
There's also my Zheng family.
Of course, this is not without our kingdom.
Laughter
You quickly clean up the relationship with the cheap woman
Don't involve you at that time.
"These crazy women with me and Su family we don't have half a point of contact."..
It's up to you how you want to handle it.
Until then, don't involve me.
The king is assured.
I'm only targeting this woman.
It will never have anything to do with the kingdom.
The public servants should not take great deception.
But this cowardly woman is arrogant.
Holy Communion
Humiliate the Princess
Damage to the royal face
Can't stay.
Can't leave, can't leave, can't leave.
You don't know how to live and die.
Get on your knees.
He wants me on my knees.
You're not qualified.